Change vocabulary to be more focused on the application (#33)
11michalis11/ED-EMS-game-paper: sections/methodology/main.tex

\section{Methodology}\label{sec:methodology}

The problem defined in section \ref{sec:model_overview} describes a normal-form
game between the decision makers of two hospitals and a third player, the 
ambulance service, that 
decides how to distribute individuals to the systems.
The strategy space of the two hospitals is defined as the possible values
that the threshold parameter can take \(T_i \in [1, N_i]\).

> Then, the ambulance service has to decide on the proportion of individuals to 
> send to 
> each hospital \(p_A \text{ and } p_B\), where \(p_A, p_B \in [0, 1] \)
> and \(p_A + p_B = 1\).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ambulance service controls the proportion of individuals to 
send to 
each hospital \(p_A \text{ and } p_B\), where \(p_A, p_B \in [0, 1] \)
and \(p_A + p_B = 1\). In practice this would correspond to a learned
behaviour through experience of waiting at each hospital.
```
